---
layout: post
title: Concept of Batch, Cron
description: "Understanding about Batch, Cron"
modified: 2022-01-02
tags: [System Design]
categories: [System Design]
---


### Batch
- Batch means:
    - a group of things or people that are dealt with at the same time
    - A group (processed in batches), that is, a group in which something is processed

- Registering a batch is a program created to process various tasks at once.
    - (Resolved through a batch program rather than directly typing commands for a large number of tasks at a fixed time every day or periodically)

- Executing this batch is done by the scheduler, not the developer.

### Scheduler
- What is Scheduler:
    - A program that executes a batch program at a certain period or at a specific time;
    - Linux has Crontab as a representative.

 
### Cron
- What is Cron?:
    - The cron command is used when you want to automatically perform a task at a specific time or at a specific time.
    - cron is a scheduling function that allows you to perform a specific task at a specific time.
    - It is not a concept unique to Linux, but a concept in many OSs.
    - The cron system has cron settings that are used by default in the system, and this is called system cron.
    - In addition, there is a user cron that root or general users use by directly setting their cron settings.

- What is crontab:
    - The file that configures cron jobs is called crontab file.
    - The cron process reads the settings in the /etc/crontab file and performs tasks.
    - The crontab file is saved in a different location for each OS.
    - In general, BSD-based Linux is /var/spool/cron/ID

    - On Solaris, it is located in /var/spool/cron/crontabs/ID.

- What is anacron?
    - It is located in /usr/sbin/anacron,
    - A program that works like a cron, and is a tool used to ensure that tasks are executed even when the server is stopped for a certain period of time.
